[263. Ugly Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/ugly-number/)

# Intuition

An ugly number is a positive integer whose prime factors are limited to 2, 3, and 5. To determine if a number `n` is an ugly number, we need to repeatedly divide `n` by 2, 3, and 5 until `n` becomes 1 or if `n` cannot be divided by 2, 3, or 5 anymore.

# Approach

1. **Edge Cases**:
   - If `n` is less than or equal to 0, it cannot be an ugly number, so we return `false`.
   - If `n` is exactly 1, it is considered an ugly number because it has no prime factors.

2. **Eliminate Factors**:
   - Use a loop to continuously divide `n` by 2, 3, and 5 while `n` is divisible by these numbers.
   - After each division, update `n` to `n / 2`, `n / 3`, or `n / 5`.

3. **Check Remaining Number**:
   - After dividing `n` by 2, 3, and 5, if `n` becomes 1, then all of its prime factors are limited to 2, 3, and 5, and hence it is an ugly number.
   - If `n` is not 1 after these divisions, then it has other prime factors besides 2, 3, and 5, making it not an ugly number.

4. **Return Result**:
   - Return `true` if `n` is 1 after the divisions, indicating that it is an ugly number.
   - Return `false` if `n` is not 1 after the divisions, indicating that it is not an ugly number.

# Complexity

- **Time Complexity**: The time complexity is approximately ***O(log n)*** because we are dividing `n` repeatedly by 2, 3, and 5 until `n` is no longer divisible by these numbers.
- **Space Complexity**: The space complexity is ***O(1)*** since we are using only a constant amount of extra space.

# Code
```typescript
function isUgly(n: number): boolean {
    if (n <= 0) {
        return false;
    }
    
    while (n % 2 === 0) {
        n /= 2;
    }
    while (n % 3 === 0) {
        n /= 3;
    }
    while (n % 5 === 0) {
        n /= 5;
    }
    
    return n === 1;
};

```

### Explanation

1. **Edge Case Handling**:
   - If `n` is less than or equal to 0, return `false` because it cannot be an ugly number.
   
2. **Divide by 2, 3, and 5**:
   - Use `while` loops to continuously divide `n` by 2, 3, and 5 while `n` is divisible by these numbers.
   
3. **Check Result**:
   - After dividing `n` by 2, 3, and 5, check if `n` is equal to 1.
   - If `n` is 1, return `true` because it means all prime factors of the original `n` were limited to 2, 3, and 5.
   - If `n` is not 1, return `false` because it means `n` still has other prime factors.