[452. Minimum Number of Arrows to Burst Balloons](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-number-of-arrows-to-burst-balloons/)

# Intuition

The task at hand is to determine the minimum number of arrows required to burst all balloons based on their start and end positions. To achieve this, the code sorts the array of balloon intervals by their end positions. The strategy is to use the fewest number of arrows by shooting them such that each arrow can burst the maximum number of balloons.

# Approach

1. **Sorting**:

   - First, the code sorts the array `points` based on the end position of each balloon interval (`a[1] - b[1]`).

2. **Counting Arrows**:

   - Initialize `arrows` to 1, as at least one arrow is required to start.
   - Initialize `end` to the end position of the first balloon (`points[0][1]`).

3. **Iterating through the Balloons**:

   - Traverse through the sorted array starting from the second balloon.
   - For each balloon:
     - If the start position of the current balloon (`points[i][0]`) is greater than the `end` (end position of the last arrow), it means this balloon cannot be burst by the current arrow. Hence, increment the `arrows` count and update `end` to the end position of the current balloon (`points[i][1]`).

4. **Return**:
   - After iterating through all balloons, `arrows` will contain the minimum number of arrows required to burst all balloons.

# Complexity

- **Time Complexity**: O(n log n), where n is the number of balloons. This is due to the sorting step.
- **Space Complexity**: O(1). The space used is constant, except for the input array.

# Code

```TypeScript
function findMinArrowShots(points: number[][]): number {
   if (points.length === 0) return 0;

   points.sort((a, b) => a[1] - b[1]);

   let arrows = 1;
   let end = points[0][1];

   for (let i = 1; i < points.length; i++) {
      if (points[i][0] > end) {
         arrows++;
         end = points[i][1];
         }
      }
      return arrows;
};

```
