[746. Min Cost Climbing Stairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/min-cost-climbing-stairs/)

# Intuition
The problem at hand requires us to find the minimum cost to reach the top of the staircase, where you can either start from index 0 or index 1, and from each step, you can either move to the next step or skip one step.

# Approach:

To solve this problem, we can use a dynamic programming (DP) approach:

1. **Define the State:**
   - Let `dp[i]` represent the minimum cost to reach the ith step.

2. **Base Cases:**
   - `dp[0]`: The minimum cost to reach the 0th step is `cost[0]` because we start from there.
   - `dp[1]`: The minimum cost to reach the 1st step is `cost[1]` because we can either start from there directly.

3. **Recursive Relation:**
   - For each step `i >= 2`, the minimum cost to reach the ith step can be derived from the previous two steps:
     ``` 
     dp[i] = cost[i] + min(dp[i-1], dp[i-2])
     ```
     Here, `cost[i]` is added to the minimum of the costs of reaching step `i-1` or `i-2`.

4. **Initialization:**
   - Initialize `dp[0]` and `dp[1]` based on the values from `cost`.

5. **Iterate and Populate the DP Table:**
   - Iterate from `2` to `n`, where `n` is the length of `cost`, and fill in the `dp` array using the above relation.

6. **Result:**
   - The minimum cost to reach the top of the floor will be `min(dp[n-1], dp[n-2])`, where `n` is the length of `cost`.

# Complexity:

- **Time Complexity:** ***O(n)***, where n is the length of the `cost` array. We iterate through the array once to compute the DP array.
  
- **Space Complexity:** ***O(n)***. We use an additional array `dp` of size n to store the minimum costs.

# Code
```typescript
function minCostClimbingStairs(cost: number[]): number {
    const n = cost.length;
    const dp: number[] = new Array(n);
    
    // Base cases
    dp[0] = cost[0];
    dp[1] = cost[1];
    
    for (let i = 2; i < n; i++) {
        dp[i] = cost[i] + Math.min(dp[i-1], dp[i-2]);
    }
    
    return Math.min(dp[n-1], dp[n-2]);
};
```
> This approach efficiently computes the minimum cost to reach the top of the staircase using dynamic programming. It ensures that we consider both possible starting points (index 0 or index 1) and calculate the minimum cost iteratively.