[235. Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Search Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-search-tree/)

# Intuition
To find the lowest common ancestor (LCA) of two given nodes in a binary search tree (BST), we can start traversing from the root. At each step, we compare the values of the current node with the values of the given nodes `p` and `q`. If the value of the current node is greater than both `p` and `q`, we move to the left subtree. If the value is smaller than both `p` and `q`, we move to the right subtree. Otherwise, the current node is the lowest common ancestor.

# Approach
1. Start traversing the BST from the root.
2. At each step, compare the values of the current node with the values of the given nodes `p` and `q`.
3. If the value of the current node is greater than both `p` and `q`, move to the left subtree.
4. If the value is smaller than both `p` and `q`, move to the right subtree.
5. If neither of the above conditions is true, the current node is the lowest common ancestor.

# Explanation of the solution
We traverse the BST from the root until we find the lowest common ancestor (LCA) of the given nodes `p` and `q`. At each step, we decide whether to move to the left or right subtree based on the values of `p`, `q`, and the current node.

# Complexity
- Time complexity: ***O(h)***, where `h` is the height of the BST.
- Space complexity: ***O(1)***

# Code

```typescript
class TreeNode {
    val: number
    left: TreeNode | null
    right: TreeNode | null
    constructor(val?: number, left?: TreeNode | null, right?: TreeNode | null) {
        this.val = (val === undefined ? 0 : val)
        this.left = (left === undefined ? null : left)
        this.right = (right === undefined ? null : right)
    }
}

function lowestCommonAncestor(root: TreeNode | null, p: TreeNode, q: TreeNode): TreeNode | null {
    let currentNode: TreeNode | null = root;

    while (currentNode !== null) {
        if (p.val < currentNode.val && q.val < currentNode.val) {
            currentNode = currentNode.left;
        } else if (p.val > currentNode.val && q.val > currentNode.val) {
            currentNode = currentNode.right;
        } else {
            return currentNode;
        }
    }
    
    return null;
};
```
> In this solution, `TreeNode` represents a node in the binary search tree, and the function `lowestCommonAncestor` finds the lowest common ancestor of two given nodes `p` and `q`. We start traversing the tree from the root and move left or right based on the values of `p`, `q`, and the current node until we find the lowest common ancestor.