[2095. Delete the Middle Node of a Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/delete-the-middle-node-of-a-linked-list/)

# Intuition:

To delete the middle node of a linked list, we can use the two-pointer technique. We'll have two pointers, `slow` and `fast`, initially pointing to the head of the linked list. The `fast` pointer will move two steps at a time, and the `slow` pointer will move one step at a time. When the `fast` pointer reaches the end of the list, the `slow` pointer will be at the middle node.

# Approach:

1. Initialize two pointers, `slow` and `fast`, pointing to the head of the linked list.
2. Traverse the linked list using the two-pointer technique:
   - Move the `fast` pointer two steps at a time.
   - Move the `slow` pointer one step at a time.
   - Keep track of the previous node of the `slow` pointer.
3. When the `fast` pointer reaches the end of the list, the `slow` pointer will be at the middle node.
4. Delete the middle node by updating the `next` pointer of the previous node of the `slow` pointer.
5. Return the head of the modified linked list.

# Algorithm:

1. If the given linked list is empty or has only one node, return null.
2. Initialize `slow` and `fast` pointers to the head of the linked list.
3. Traverse the linked list using the two-pointer technique:
   - Move `slow` one step forward.
   - Move `fast` two steps forward.
   - Keep track of the previous node of the `slow` pointer.
4. When `fast` reaches the end of the list, `slow` will be at the middle node.
5. Delete the middle node by updating the `next` pointer of the previous node of `slow`.
6. Return the head of the modified linked list.

# Complexity Analysis:

The `Time complexity` for this solution is ***O(n)***, where n is the number of nodes in the linked list. We traverse the entire linked list once using the two-pointer technique to find the middle node.

# Code
```typescript
class ListNode {
    val: number
    next: ListNode | null
    constructor(val?: number, next?: ListNode | null) {
        this.val = val === undefined ? 0 : val
        this.next = next === undefined ? null : next
    }
}

function deleteMiddleNode(head: ListNode | null): ListNode | null {
    if (!head || !head.next) return null;
    
    let slow: ListNode | null = head;
    let fast: ListNode | null = head;
    let prev: ListNode | null = null;
    
    while (fast && fast.next) {
        prev = slow;
        slow = slow!.next;
        fast = fast!.next!.next;
    }
    
    if (prev) prev.next = slow!.next;
    
    return head;
};
```

