[2130. Maximum Twin Sum of a Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-twin-sum-of-a-linked-list/)

# Intuition:

To find the maximum pair sum of a linked list, we first split the linked list into two halves using the slow and fast pointer technique. Then, we reverse the second half of the linked list. After that, we traverse both halves of the linked list simultaneously and find the maximum pair sum.

# Approach:

1. Use the slow and fast pointer technique to split the linked list into two halves. When the fast pointer reaches the end of the list, the slow pointer will be at the middle of the list.
2. Reverse the second half of the linked list.
3. Traverse both halves of the linked list simultaneously and find the maximum pair sum.
4. Return the maximum pair sum.

# Algorithm:

1. Initialize two pointers `slow` and `fast` to the head of the linked list.
2. Move the `fast` pointer two steps ahead and the `slow` pointer one step ahead in each iteration until the `fast` pointer reaches the end of the list.
3. When the `fast` pointer reaches the end of the list, the `slow` pointer will be at the middle of the list.
4. Reverse the second half of the linked list.
5. Initialize `maxSum` as 0.
6. Traverse both halves of the linked list simultaneously and find the maximum pair sum.
7. Return `maxSum`.

# Complexity Analysis:

- The time complexity for this approach is ***O(n)***, where n is the number of nodes in the linked list. We traverse the linked list once to find the middle node and then reverse the second half of the list. After that, we traverse both halves simultaneously to find the maximum pair sum. 
- The space complexity is ***O(1)*** as we use only a constant amount of extra space.

> *Note:* This is an optimized solution as it reduces the time complexity from ***O(n²)*** to ***O(n)*** compared to the brute-force approach. 

# Code
```typescript
function pairSum(head: ListNode | null): number {
    let slow: ListNode | null = head;
    let fast: ListNode | null = head;

    while (fast && fast.next) {
        fast = fast.next.next;
        slow = slow.next;
    }

    let prev: ListNode | null = null;
    while (slow) {
        const next: ListNode | null = slow.next;
        slow.next = prev;
        prev = slow;
        slow = next;
    }

    let maxSum: number = 0;

    let left: ListNode | null = head;
    let right: ListNode | null = prev;

    while (left && right) {
        maxSum = Math.max(maxSum, left.val + right.val);
        left = left.next;
        right = right.next;
    }

    return maxSum;
};
```