[328. Odd Even Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/odd-even-linked-list/)

# Intuition:

We can solve this problem in a single pass through the linked list by rearranging the nodes such that all odd-indexed nodes appear before even-indexed nodes. To achieve this, we can maintain two separate lists: one for odd-indexed nodes and the other for even-indexed nodes. Then, we can connect the last node of the odd-indexed list to the first node of the even-indexed list.

# Approach:

1. If the linked list is empty or contains only one node, return the head.
2. Initialize two pointers, `odd` and `even`, to point to the heads of the odd-indexed and even-indexed lists, respectively.
3. Traverse the linked list, keeping track of the current node and its index:
   - For odd-indexed nodes, append them to the odd-indexed list.
   - For even-indexed nodes, append them to the even-indexed list.
4. After traversing the entire list, connect the last node of the odd-indexed list to the first node of the even-indexed list.
5. Return the head of the modified linked list, which will be the head of the odd-indexed list.

# Algorithm:

1. If the given linked list is empty or has only one node, return the head.
2. Initialize two pointers, `odd` and `even`, to null.
3. Initialize four more pointers, `oddHead`, `evenHead`, `currOdd`, and `currEven`, to null.
4. Traverse the linked list, keeping track of the current node and its index:
   - For odd-indexed nodes, append them to the odd-indexed list.
   - For even-indexed nodes, append them to the even-indexed list.
5. After traversing the entire list:
   - If the odd-indexed list is not empty, connect the last node of the odd-indexed list to the first node of the even-indexed list.
   - If the odd-indexed list is empty, assign the head of the even-indexed list to `oddHead`.
6. Return the head of the modified linked list.

# Complexity Analysis:

- The `Time complexity` for this approach is ***O(n)***, where n is the number of nodes in the linked list, as we traverse the entire linked list once. 
- The `Space complexity` is ***O(1)***, as we use only a constant amount of extra space.

# Code:
```typescript
class ListNode {
    val: number
    next: ListNode | null
    constructor(val?: number, next?: ListNode | null) {
        this.val = (val===undefined ? 0 : val)
        this.next = (next===undefined ? null : next)
    }
}

function oddEvenList(head: ListNode | null): ListNode | null {
    if (!head || !head.next) return head;
    
    let oddHead: ListNode | null = head;
    let evenHead: ListNode | null = head.next;
    let currOdd: ListNode | null = oddHead;
    let currEven: ListNode | null = evenHead;
    
    while (currEven && currEven.next) {
        currOdd.next = currEven.next;
        currOdd = currOdd.next;
        currEven.next = currOdd.next;
        currEven = currEven.next;
    }
    
    currOdd.next = evenHead;
    
    return oddHead;
};
```