[2215. Find the Difference of Two Arrays](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-difference-of-two-arrays/)

# Intuition
We need to find the difference between two arrays, which means finding elements present in one array but not in the other. To achieve this, we can use the `filter` method to filter out elements from one array that are not present in the other array.

# Approach
1. Iterate through the first array (`nums1`) and filter out elements that are not present in the second array (`nums2`). To do this, we use the `filter` method along with the `includes` method to check if an element from `nums1` is present in `nums2`.
2. Convert the filtered array into a set to remove duplicates and then spread it back to an array to maintain the order of elements.
3. Repeat the same process for the second array (`nums2`), filtering out elements that are not present in `nums1`.
4. Return the two arrays as a 2D array.

# Complexity
- Let \( n \) be the length of `nums1` and \( m \) be the length of `nums2`.
- Time complexity: \( O(n + m) \) 
  - We iterate through `nums1` and `nums2` once, and the time complexity of the `filter` method is \( O(n) \) or \( O(m) \), where \( n \) and \( m \) are the lengths of the respective arrays.
- Space complexity: \( O(n + m) \)
  - We store the filtered arrays in separate variables, each requiring space proportional to the number of elements in the filtered array. Thus, the total space complexity is the sum of the lengths of the filtered arrays. 

# Code
```typescript
function findDifference(nums1: number[], nums2: number[]): number[][] {
    const uniqueInFirst = [...new Set<number>(nums1.filter(value => !nums2.includes(value)))];

    const uniqueInSecond = [...new Set<number>(nums2.filter(value => !nums1.includes(value)))];

    return [uniqueInFirst, uniqueInSecond];
};

```
