[3075. Maximize Happiness of Selected Children](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximize-happiness-of-selected-children/)

# Intuition
To maximize the sum of happiness values of the selected children, we should select the children with the highest happiness values. However, we need to consider the penalty that decreases the happiness value by the index of the selected child. We can achieve this by penalizing the happiness values based on their positions in the sorted happiness array.

# Approach
1. Sort the `happiness` array in descending order.
2. Initialize a variable `totalHappiness` to keep track of the total happiness sum.
3. Loop through the first `k` elements in the sorted `happiness` array.
4. Calculate the penalized happiness value for each child by subtracting its index from its happiness points.
5. Add the greater of the penalized happiness value or 0 to the `totalHappiness` sum to ensure that negative values do not reduce the overall happiness.
6. Return the `totalHappiness` sum after processing the first `k` elements.

# Explanation of the solution
We sort the `happiness` array in descending order to select the children with the highest happiness values first. Then, we iterate over the first `k` elements of the sorted array and calculate the penalized happiness value for each child. The penalized happiness value is obtained by subtracting the index (0-based) from the happiness points. We add the greater of the penalized happiness value or 0 to the `totalHappiness` sum to ensure that negative values do not reduce the overall happiness. Finally, we return the `totalHappiness` sum as the maximum sum of happiness values.

# Complexity Analysis
- Time complexity: ***O(n \log n)***, where `n` is the length of the `happiness` array due to sorting.
- Space complexity: ***O(1)***

# Code

```typescript
function maximumHappinessSum(happiness: number[], k: number): number {
    happiness.sort((a, b) => b - a);
    let totalHappiness = 0;

    for (let i = 0; i < k; ++i) {
        const penalizedHappiness = happiness[i] - i;
        totalHappiness += Math.max(penalizedHappiness, 0);
    }
    return totalHappiness;
};

```

> This solution calculates the maximum sum of happiness values from an array of happiness points. It considers the `k` children with the highest happiness values after applying a specific penalty, where the penalty subtracts the person's index from their happiness points (starting from 0).