[344. Reverse String](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-string/)

# Intuition
To reverse a string given as an array of characters in-place, the simplest approach is to use the two-pointer technique. By initializing one pointer at the start of the array and the other at the end, we can swap the characters at these pointers and move them towards the center until they meet.

# Approach
1. Initialize two pointers: one at the beginning (`left`) of the array and one at the end (`right`).
2. While the `left` pointer is less than the `right` pointer:
   - Swap the characters at the `left` and `right` pointers.
   - Move the `left` pointer one step to the right.
   - Move the `right` pointer one step to the left.
3. This process continues until the `left` pointer is no longer less than the `right` pointer, indicating that the array has been reversed in-place.

# Explanation
1. The two-pointer technique efficiently reverses the array by performing swaps in-place, thus requiring no additional memory.
2. The pointers are moved towards the center, ensuring that every character is swapped exactly once.
3. This method works in O(n) time complexity where n is the length of the array, as each character is visited and swapped once.

# Complexity
- **Time complexity:**
  - The time complexity is ***O(n)*** because we traverse the entire array once, swapping elements.

- **Space complexity:**
  - The space complexity is ***O(1)*** because we only use a constant amount of extra space for the pointers.

# Code
```TypeScript
function reverseString(s: string[]): void {
    let left = 0;
    let right = s.length - 1;

    while (left < right) {
        [s[left], s[right]] = [s[right], s[left]];
        left++;
        right--;
    }
};

```