[637. Average of Levels in Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/average-of-levels-in-binary-tree/)

# Intuition
To find the average value of nodes on each level of a binary tree, we can perform a level order traversal. While traversing each level, we calculate the average value of the nodes present at that level.

# Approach
1. Use a queue to perform a level order traversal of the binary tree.
2. For each level, calculate the average value of the nodes.
3. Store the result for each level in an array and return it as the final result.

# Explanation
1. Start with the root node and enqueue it into the queue.
2. Initialize an empty array to store the averages.
3. Begin a loop to process each level of the tree:
   - Calculate the size of the current level (number of nodes in the queue).
   - Initialize a sum to accumulate the values of the nodes at the current level.
   - Dequeue all nodes of the current level, adding their values to the sum, and enqueue their children.
   - Calculate the average of the current level by dividing the sum by its size.
   - Store the average in the result array.
4. Continue this process until all levels have been processed.
5. Return the result array containing the average values of nodes at each level.

# Complexity
- **Time complexity:**
  - The algorithm visits each node once and performs a constant amount of work for each visit. Therefore, the time complexity is ***O(n)***, where n is the number of nodes in the binary tree.
  
- **Space complexity:**
  - The space complexity is ***O(m)***, where m is the maximum number of nodes at any level in the binary tree. This is because the queue can hold at most all nodes at the maximum level. In the worst case, m can be up to n/2 + 1 in a complete binary tree, where n is the total number of nodes.

# Code
```TypeScript
class TreeNode {
    val: number;
    left: TreeNode | null;
    right: TreeNode | null;
    constructor(val?: number, left?: TreeNode | null, right?: TreeNode | null) {
        this.val = (val === undefined ? 0 : val);
        this.left = (left === undefined ? null : left);
        this.right = (right === undefined ? null : right);
    }
}

function averageOfLevels(root: TreeNode | null): number[] {
    if (!root) return [];
    
    const result: number[] = [];
    const queue: TreeNode[] = [];
    queue.push(root);
    
    while (queue.length > 0) {
        let levelSize = queue.length;
        let levelSum = 0;
        
        for (let i = 0; i < levelSize; i++) {
            const node = queue.shift()!;
            levelSum += node.val;
            
            if (node.left) queue.push(node.left);
            if (node.right) queue.push(node.right);
        }
        
        const levelAverage = levelSum / levelSize;
        result.push(levelAverage);
    }
    
    return result;
};

```