[Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock - LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/description/)

# Problem Statement Breakdown
Given an array `prices` where `prices[i]` is the price of a given stock on the `ith` day, we need to maximize our profit by choosing a single day to buy one stock and choosing a different day in the future to sell that stock. We have to return the maximum profit we can achieve from this transaction. If we cannot achieve any profit, we return `0`.

### Examples:
- For `prices = [7,1,5,3,6,4]`, the output is `5`.
  - We buy on day 2 (price = 1) and sell on day 5 (price = 6), so the profit is `6-1 = 5`.
- For `prices = [7,6,4,3,1]`, the output is `0`.
  - No transactions are done, so the maximum profit is `0`.

### Constraints:
- `prices.length` is between `1` and `10^5`.
- `prices[i]` is between `0` and `10^4`.

# Approach
We can solve this problem by keeping track of the minimum price (`minPrice`) seen so far and the maximum profit (`maxProfit`) we can achieve. We iterate through the `prices` array and update `minPrice` and `maxProfit` accordingly.

1. **Initialize `minPrice` as `Infinity` and `maxProfit` as `0`.**
2. **Iterate through the `prices` array:**
   - **If `prices[i]` is less than `minPrice`, update `minPrice` to `prices[i]`.**
   - **Otherwise, update `maxProfit` to the maximum of `maxProfit` and `prices[i] - minPrice`.**
3. **Return `maxProfit`.**

# Complexity
- **Time complexity:** We traverse the array once, so the time complexity is ***O(n)***, where `n` is the length of the `prices` array.
- **Space complexity:** We use only a constant amount of extra space, so the space complexity is ***O(1)***

# Code

```typescript
function maxProfit(prices: number[]): number {
    let minPrice = Infinity;
    let maxProfit = 0;
    
    for (let price of prices) {
        minPrice = Math.min(minPrice, price);
        maxProfit = Math.max(maxProfit, price - minPrice);
    }
    
    return maxProfit;
};

```

> *Note:* In this problem, we use the greedy approach to find the maximum profit. We iterate through the `prices` array, keeping track of the minimum price seen so far (`minPrice`) and the maximum profit (`maxProfit`) we can achieve. We update `minPrice` and `maxProfit` accordingly as we traverse the array. Finally, we return `maxProfit`.